(this isn't really markdown btw)

# An experimental IDE.
So like I'm using HTML, CSS, JS, coffee-script, node-webkit, Ace Editor, CodeMirror, FirePad + FireBase, and stuff to make this IDE thing. It's gonna be cool.

## Run!
It can be run in different ways:
 * As a node-webkit app (also three different ways)
 * As a web app hosted from the nw app
	You don't need to install the IDE, just click a link generated by the app (eg. 127.0.0.1:1337) and start collaborating!
 * From `chrome --allow-file-access-from-files file://`...`/IDE/index.html`
	It can't save, although once I add the option to connect to a server from the standalone app, it should have the same abilities as such.
	(Also might not need `--allow-file-access-from-files`)

## A few ideas
Realtime Integration with a multiplayer game engine
...uh, ideas?


## Todo, and stuff
Firepad support!
State/Options
	State
		(Hot exit / quick IDE reload)
		Workspaces/sessions/tabs? ...
			tabs: [{
				name, ttip,
				filepath,
				appname,
				state: {custom app state}
			}]
	Options
		Accessable to apps
	Autosave
Arch.
	Apps
		.load();
		.open($ws,file);
		file.read();//
		file.change();//save statesessiondata
		file.live();//execute changes without saving to disk
		file.write();//save to disk (and live())
Apps
	YWoT (YWoA)
		Ace Editor w/ locked insert mode and selections disabled mimicking Your World of Text
	Ace Editor
		quick theme switcher
	CodeMirror
		work
	FirePad
		Rich text mode
		*.fpad.html
	Image Editor
	Audio Editor
Interface for apps to save new files etc.
Built-in way for apps to load and handle not-loaded state

Way for apps to access their folder path (instead of hard-coding it to `apps/time-to-rename-this-or-whatever/`)
And their state.

###__low priority__
Loading indicators
When you open the sidebar via click the tabs should resize animatedly

##Bug
The tabs are sorted based on... a property calculated by sorting them!?
Anyway they like flip out sometimes.


##some stupid states
Trying to open file, apps not loaded.
Trying to open file with app, app not loaded.
Opened file with an app, app still loading.

When [Trying to open file, apps not loaded.], should start fetching the file.

uuuuuuugh

$
Keep track of active workspace and active tab.
Have applications update the content of their files when changed.
Listen to Ctrl-S, Ctrl-Shift-S and Ctrl-Enter (globally) ...
               Save,   Save AS,    Live Edit
...and 
##...
since we're already using firepad, maybe store sessions in firebase? idk
